Hi guys, in this video I want to create
3D reference
using comi. We have to use this hanging
3D uh 2.1 subscri from image reference
to create 3D image.
Okay, let's
okay first thing first open the confi
after that run it from Nvidia GPU.
Okay. Go to templates.
I want to select this add template
and image to 3D. This one. Okay. For
this uh model you have to start this and
use 3D. We can download from this by
clicking this button download
and the download link is a beginning or
you can use this method copl
right here. Hit okay
and stop download.
Okay, from here I download this file.
Okay, this one. Okay, that's the
computer.
>> Let's go.
[Music]
What's this?
Click the plus button. Drag it right
here.
Download this. Where is my hand 3D? This
one. Now, let's go ahead computer.
After that, let's go to model is
checkpoint
and drag this one right here.
Return right here.
Okay. I want to choose image for test.
Okay. Choose file to upload. Let's
choose this image as a reference for
you. You can choose any image. Hit open
and let's hit run.
Okay, fine. This is very sad. This works
unstuntedly.
Okay, let's choose another image. Let's
test it out. By
games. Okay, let's choose those.
After that, hit run. Let's see the
result.
Okay. to create this uh image make to
3D. Second image is takes around uh 1
minute to do this.
Okay, this is all
uh now let's export this 3D image. We
have to go right here and hit export
export and go right here and choose
this. I want to exports as object. The
exporting is uh done. Now you can open
it with Blender.
Okay, now let's open Blender and test.
This is Blender.
Go generate, delete all of those. Go to
file, hit import object,
download this one. Okay, this is my uh
3D.
It works fine. Okay, thank you guys for
watching. This all from this react.